README.md, before:

Atom Rename Tabs
================

Renames your Atom Text Editor tab titles to more useful names if there are many
instances of the same file name open. This is consistent with Sublime Text editor tab
title behavior.

Atom's tab naming isn't very helpful if there are multiple files with the same
name open. This package is useful if you write Node.js app with a lot of files
named `index.js`. Atom would title the tabs `index.js - /my/project...`. That's
not very helpful. Assuming you have two files: `/my/project/foo/index.js` and
`/my/project/bar/index.js` the tabs to `index.js - foo` and `index.js - bar` respectively.

To be clear, this isn't only for Node.js developers. This is for those who like
Sublime Text editor's tab title convention.


Install
-------

    apm install rename-tabs

or go to `Settings` → `Install` → `Search` and search for `rename-tabs`.


Usage
-----

Just open and edit files, the renaming will happen automatically.


License
-------
MIT
Copyright (c) 2015 [JP Richardson](https://www.github.com/jprichardson)

Commit message:

Fork and add support for index files

README.md, after:

Atom Rename Tabs
================

Renames your Atom Text Editor tab titles to more useful names if there are many
instances of the same file name open. This is consistent with Sublime Text editor tab
title behavior.

Atom's tab naming isn't very helpful if there are multiple files with the same
name open. This package is useful if you write Node.js app with a lot of files
named `index.js`. Atom would title the tabs `index.js - /my/project...`. That's
not very helpful. Assuming you have two files: `/my/project/foo/index.js` and
`/my/project/bar/index.js` the tabs to `index.js - foo` and `index.js - bar` respectively.

To be clear, this isn't only for Node.js developers. This is for those who like
Sublime Text editor's tab title convention.


This fork show the foldername for files starting with index

Install
-------

    apm install rename-tabs

or go to `Settings` → `Install` → `Search` and search for `rename-tabs`.


Usage
-----

Just open and edit files, the renaming will happen automatically.


License
-------
MIT
Copyright (c) 2015 [JP Richardson](https://www.github.com/jprichardson)
